1. Ideas: Coronal Mass Ejections, Spectral Class stars and their habitability, Exoplanet conditions and traces, Constellations?, galaxy visualization
2.      CME: https://www.swpc.noaa.gov/phenomena/coronal-mass-ejections. This article helps identify the classification of a CME as well as some of the important considerations of them. That being the size, speed and direction. It also talks about what exactly, what causes this: solar flares and subsuquent ejections of plasma.
        Spectral Classes: https://scienceinsights.org/what-is-spectral-type-star-classification-explained/ This article demarkates the specific temperature boundaries of the 7 main spectral classes, and proivides a guide on how to read the subclasses and luminosity to help decode the spectrcal class in practice.
        Expolanet traces:https://exoplanetarchive.ipac.caltech.edu/ This dataset would help be collect the data on specific exoplanets within our galaxy to be synthesized.
3. Applicability to Python: In terms of the Spectral classifications, i could use conditionals to determine the specific ranges of the star: i.e. temperature, size. Then I could print out the result in the standard format of stellar classification.
4.Dream Version: A slider bar of attributes: temperature of star, size of star, exoplanet distance, that the user can adjust and the program will state whether the planet is in the goldilocks zone for human habitation. In addition, the visual graphic of the simulation will change to match the slider bars, for example with distance changing, the visual representation fo the planet will move across the screen, and change the color of the planet based on if its habitable or not for extra readability.
  Simplifed Version: The user inputs a number within a specifed range for the same attributes: temperature of star, size of star, exoplanet distance, and the program will input if the planet is habitable or not, perhaps with an unmoving graphic of the star type in terms of color and size.
          